# Memory Cache Browser Client

A browser client for [Memory Cache](https://github.com/Mozilla-Ocho/Memory-Cache).

## Overview

Memory Cache Browser Client is a frontend component of Memory Cache:

- It sends commands and displays information from [Memory Cache Hub](https://github.com/johnshaughnessy/Memory-Cache-Hub/).
- It allows users to view and manage project artifacts, llamafiles, and settings.
- It allows users to query LLMs using Retrieval Augmented Generation.
- It allows users to view and manage prompt templates and long-running background tasks.

## Installation

Memory Cache Browser Client is included in each release of Memory Cache Hub, so you do not need to install it separately.

To install Memory Cache Hub, follow the instructions in the [Memory Cache Hub README](https://github.com/johnshaughnessy/Memory-Cache-Hub/?tab=readme-ov-file#memory-cache-hub).

A Firefox browser extension for Memory Cache that extends its functionality is also available. More information can be found in the main [Memory Cache repository](https://github.com/Mozilla-Ocho/Memory-Cache).

If you want to build `memory-cache-browser-client` from source, you can follow the instructions in the sections below.

## Development

Memory Cache consists of three separate components:

- Memory Cache Hub
- Memory Cache Browser Client
- Memory Cache Firefox Extension

This repository contains the source code for the Memory Cache Browser Client.

### Working with Memory Cache Hub

There are three ways to work with Memory Cache Hub:

- By default, a release build of Memory Cache Hub will serve its internal build of Memory Cache Browser Client.
- Alternatively, you can start Memory Cache Hub with a `--client-path` argument pointing to the `build` directory of Memory Cache Browser Client.
- You can also run Memory Cache Browser Client in development mode (`npm start`), and it will use the api routes of Memory Cache Hub running on `http://localhost:4444`.

While you are developing Memory Cache Browser Client, the third option is the most convenient. 

Once you are satisfied with your changes, you can test them with a release build of Memory Cache Hub by running `npm run build` and targeting the `build` directory with the `--client-path` argument to Memory Cache Hub.

Further instructions for building releases are in the [Memory Cache Hub README](https://github.com/johnshaughnessy/Memory-Cache-Hub/?tab=readme-ov-file#memory-cache-hub)

# Client 3

Client 2 uses shadcn/ui + tailwindcss, npm and webpack. This is fine. But let's try something different.

Client 3 uses tailwindcss, yarn, and parcel.

I did:

``` sh
sudo corepack enable
yarn init -2
yarn set version stable
yarn install
```

Then I set up parcel and tailwindcss.


The `src/api/` directory contains the code for communicating with the Memory Cache Hub apis. It is autogenerated from the OpenAPI specification provided by the Memory Cache Hub. 

To regenerate the code:

``` sh
# Delete the src/api/ directory
rm -r src/api/

# Delete the old OpenAPI specification
rm openapi.json

# Download the latest OpenAPI specification from the Memory Cache Hub
wget http://localhost:4444/openapi.json

# Regenerate the code
yarn dlx @openapitools/openapi-generator-cli generate -i openapi.json -g typescript-fetch -o src/api
```


